20 month old hippo Emma and rescued
six-month-old baby Molly
hippos are known as the deadliest
mammals in Africa but after escaping
poachers at a young age emma has been
hand raised by Petra Nell I love my
dearly she slept with me for almost
three to four months on the bed on a
mattress everywhere she could she was
very very tiny when she came in come I
would love to that Emma out for a walk
Molly came here more recently after her
mother was shot alone and defenseless
she was attacked by wild bush pigs these
two orphans now have a very close bond
okay Molly must follow yeah Molly is
just attached to Emma and immerse Molly
strong anchor Molly's imprint is on Emma
Molly's imprint is not at all an inhuman
we busy preparing a area for them near
the river with with much less human
contact petronella wants them to get
used to living away from her house in a
remote area of the sanctuary
as well as getting them familiar with
other animals they might come across in
the wild I would love to know what they
saying through chai they'd say hey when
I see these guys they have one thing in
common they're all orphans
in the wild hippos will travel up to six
miles to locate feeding grounds and
graze on grass for up to five hours a
night despite the huge bulk hippos can
easily run as fast as the average human
to make sure they continue in their
development Petra now has chosen the
perfect place and it's right on the edge
of the wild reserve water and I love I
would love Emma to spend more time here
in summertime in a few months time it'll
be the rainy season and this dam will be
flooded Petra Tower hopes it'll become a
permanent home for Emma
hippos can spend up to 16 hours a day
submerged in water to keep their massive
bodies cool in hot African Sun and they
can even hold their breath underwater
for up to 5 minutes this place is
certainly getting their seal of approval
but she is definitely in a happy place
permitted to have it out here is that
not everything I would love to one day
just see her swimming all by herself
spending time in the water and just be a
hippo again Emma and Molly are proof
that creating strong bonds between
orphans is a successful way to help
rehabilitate wildlife
you